Introduce blockprotocol CLI (#575)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: site/README.md

- Response Body:
  - `avatarUrl`: Url pointing to the newly uploaded user avatar.

#### `POST /api/blocks/create`

> Creates and mirrors a block published to npm. Only permitted if `process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_NPM_PUBLISHING === "1"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates and mirrors a block published to npm. Only permitted if `process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_NPM_PUBLISHING` is set.
```

```suggestion
Creates and mirrors a block published to npm. Only permitted if `process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_NPM_PUBLISHING` is truthy.
```

(same below)

Author: https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/pull/575/commits/bd8dd3436a6d588d763e6211c473151178f9d134
